how's it going Cory here welcome ladies
tackle warehouse vlog today out on the
balcony to look at a few new products
for the Mickey - Mickey I just recent
come over the states and tackle houses
online exclusive deal with these guys up
first is one of their stinger worms all
the Dimitri plastics have a real soft
plastic but they're surprisingly very
durable as well a little get fish
attractor on these guys you can see this
guy's kind of a tapered worm has liver a
rib body add this bait Falls it follows
kind of with this tail kind of flutter
on the way down it's been looks a lot
like some other popular plastics out
there but so much more durable and then
the other more well-known plastics as
well they also have a slightly larger
version the 60 inch hotdog it's only a
half it's longer it's definitely a lot
thicker and body has a lot more of a
taper to the tail here the tail really
Quivers the follows at the bottom and
because of the shape of the body I kind
of rolls as it falls down on the bottom
this guy can be fished waitlist if you
want or regular anyway you fish a
standard word with this this guy
weightless because of the weight in the
head this guy can cast in a long ways
they also have a similar worm and their
pack series it's a professional choice
series same kind of taper body style a
bit more of a tapered tail on this guy
also you can tell here it has more of a
rib body so it's gonna push a little
more water in the other two worms now
these three worms are made more to be
fished more like a standard plastic worm
but they also have a couple of worms a
more design me fish wacky style the
first one here is the kaiser worm it's
real cool-looking worm more of an oval
shape to the body here so it has a
really unique fall this guys designed to
be fished with their kaiser head they
also have another similar room just like
this guys it's a wacky rig worm it's a
swing worm this is a six and a half inch
worm it's really cool about this worm it
still has that same kind of oval body
shape as a last worm but you can see is
this guy here is that the on this side
the heads going this way and down here
on the bottom side its twist to the
other way so these heads or just set off
19 degrees of each other so the world
follows each side kind of rolls a little
bit different kind of gives a really
unique falling action to it like these
last two words more wacky rig style
worms and designing your fish on their
kaiser head because you whacking jig has
a real cool can dickhead it's got a
rolled white wire hook nice short shank
real wide gap it's got a super sharp
point it's very little to get this guy
to stick the stick of this no problem
with this guy also see here has a flat
eye design which really cool unique
about this worm as the eye is
incorporated into the head you can see
in this guy instead just having to
supply an LED head actually has a little
they call a steering eye on this guy
gives unique look as a world fallen to
the bottom they also have a couple other
unique plastics this one here is the
spoon tail Mickey it's really cool look
at finesse style cross it's got the nice
little tapered rib body on this guy
let's really cool what this guy is
actually the spoon tail design here you
can see this guy kinda has a spoon shape
so I have this guy's being worked on the
bottom it kind of cups the water pushes
the water down and out so when this
guy's fish right on the bottom it
actually kind of pushes the water down
and moves his soap out just I could cry
dad trying to flee and get away
it also slick going down the middle here
so you can split the tail and have a
duel claw design as well roll cloak and
little finesse drop shot bait throw on
the back of jig or you can fish it by
itself we also have what they call their
monster Mickey real cool-looking bait
here this is our six and a half inch
version so it's a big bulky bait has 12
different appendages on this guy has
three appendages on each side here on
the body as well these arms on the side
these arms could be stay like this or
you can come off right here let them
flop off to the side let's move down the
head here it's got these really cool
antennas on it and it's really cool real
long claws you can see on this closet
here to kind of has a real skinny too
fat taper so these guys fall so gonna
have a guy like a flirting action or
more like a helicopter action as it goes
at the bottom they also have a four and
a half inch and a two and a half inch
versions you can see the four inch
version here same overall design but
this great bait you fish on the back of
a jig or just fish by itself and they
also have this 2 knife inch version
really cool finesse style crawl here
it's actually a little drop shot bait
we're looking for a jig to throw these
guys on the back of you might want to
check out the Mickey mama jig so any
looking jig here guys real cool kind of
finesse ahead it's real good job of
coming through cover without getting
hung up as a real light weed guard on
this guy as well real sharp - Mickey
hook also you can see the skirts real
full thin rubber skirt also has a few
strand of silicon as well
that's a real school real thick skirt
with a lot of action to it last thing I
want to show you from Duncan this is
Duncan Cole back really cool looking
Cole back here just put your fish on top
if you like put your scale in here or
your balance beam I'd be done with the
fish it's really neat about this bag
that's unique to this guy is on the
bottom here cuz little velcro strap take
it off dump the fish out ready to go if
you are using this guy on a coaling beam
you get done coming out to one fist you
want to try a different fish all you
gotta do is open this guy back up slide
your fish back in and see which one's a
smaller fish you've also got a few other
baits from domeki first up it's a big
fish buzz for seeing us with the domeki
process quality got quality components
and quality construction on these guys
nice high quality blade on here it's got
the drilled holes in each side to give a
little bubble trail on this guy that's a
really cool unique looking a little
clock here here in steps of standard
clacker has kind of this baitfish style
quacker and they keep this guy can move
around they actually put little hits of
solder on each of the ball to keep this
guy from sliding there's perfect
alignment so it's going to clock every
time
real nice thick wire on here guys really
neat looking minnow style head has a
real reflective kind of finish to it
what's really cool off the skirt
actually has a couple strands of a real
thin silicone and then on top has a
little bit thicker scale style silicone
to give a little fin action to it and
all the domeki baits feature their own
custom domeki hooks up next or a couple
of spinner mates from domeki I've got
the gladiator it's a really cool compact
little spinner bait same thing
high-quality components you can see on
the wire they actually soldered the
wires stretch it's not going to come
open and also on the inner put a little
solder head on the end to keep those
balls I'm sliding down and getting down
they shouldn't be really cool kind of
guppy style head on this guy has real
big eyes and pull the little gill plates
on this it's very durable hard finish as
well this guy has a real fine silicone
skirt on here it also has all the
gladiator baits have a little blood
trail skirt trailer as well
all these skirts are all hand-tied not
going to come off on you and this guy of
course also features their Viper hook
they also have their MTS spinnerbait
cool cool blade here same quality
components has your little different
unique style head here Steph additional
round head has what they call their
turbulence head well this guy does quick
to a little turbulence underneath this
bait allow this guy to be run true even
at high speeds it's not going to roll on
you so you pull this guy through cover
it's not going to roll and hang up on
you and like on the buzzbait it has the
same kind of thin skirt in the front
with a little thicker
scale skirt in the back and of course
that domeki Viper hook we also picked up
a couple crank baits with domeki
we've got the DC series this is the DC
200 and the Red Cross pattern this is a
medium diving crank guys about six or
seven feet down they also have a shower
diamond version and the DC 100 this guy
dives about three to four feet as you
can tell both these baits are kind of
finesse small body style crank baits
really cool look and finish on these
guys real cool patterns ones will cool
thing about these baits also is they
have your weight slip system so as this
bait you go to cast it the balls roll
the back lighting you get longer casts
on these guys and of course when you go
to retrieve it
the ball is slide forward cause this
bait to run true and track straight
every time let's check out this week's
vlog for a minute you know that in a
couple weeks here we're going to be
having some holiday specials if you want
to get those holidays pencils you got to
make sure you sign up for the mailing
list so make sure to go the button front
page bottom left join the mailing list
and get on those holiday deals
thanks for checking out this week's vlog
make sure to check back in two weeks for
some more new products